docs(community): Add page to gardening for a Spinnaker Summit Gardening Days workshop (#2082)
spinnaker/spinnaker.github.io: community/gardening/spinnaker-product-box.md

---
layout: single
title: "Spinnaker Product Box Design Workshop"
sidebar:
  nav: community
---
## Presented by Capital Carbon Consulting

> > A "Product Box" is one of the experiential learning activities which can help the team identify the product values. We assume that the product will be packaged in a box for delivery to the customer and we will design this box together

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> A "Product Box" is one of the experiential learning activities that can help a team identify product values. We assume that the product will be packaged in a box for delivery to the customer, and we will design this box together.

- This is a 2.5-hour challenge to simulate a Product Box for Spinnaker
- A DevOps Coach will guide this gamification challenge with step wise methodology, bringing the DevOps way to products

> - Best for Product Managers, Product Teams including UX Designers, Architects, Dev-Ops, Engineers, Cross functional teams

Author: ```suggestion
- Best for product teams including product managers, UX designers, architects, DevOps, engineers, and cross-functional teams
```

> - Best for Product Managers, Product Teams including UX Designers, Architects, Dev-Ops, Engineers, Cross functional teams

Reviewer: some nits:
- Product Managers are part of Product Teams
- `Cross functional teams` -> `cross-functional teams`

Author: I made a change to implement your suggestion @brian-armory. What do you think?

Reviewer: 👍 I'll approve and merge once the tests finish
